Fei, just wait for me.
Even if I don't settle with you,
I won't let you go even if I take leave. Just wait for me.
Little brother, you are so capable,
I admire you for your courage.
I took a piece of sheep jade for 20 million.
Palm shoes are reflected back. this money,
I really need it. Little brother, there are two moments.
I'm obsessed with your friend. If I stay here to cause trouble for you,
Call me anytime. Okay, you two don't be polite.
I have another baby here
Don't you two give me a look?
A few are attracted to
This is Superintendent Luoluo
Guess everyone is coming over
Just slip away like this
This is simply a plane
Let’s count them together
Don't talk nonsense
It is indeed Deng Feng who did the best
The appearance of the card bar is flawless at all
On the contrary, this is the biggest problem
This prelude is too perfect
hand-mixed stuff
You will see the lines drawn in the early stage
As if it was made by nature
There are also general forewarnings
Especially the preparation for the big event
He's not perfect
He will create creations based on the flaws of the jade itself.
He will have some strong things
Because of me you dare to lie